Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Leadership Executive Team Management Team Executive Team Tunji Alausa, M.D. Executive Chairman & Chief Medical Officer Tunji Alausa, M.D. is a board-certified Nephrologist and the founder of both Kidney Care Center, a nephrology practice and Dialysis Care Center, a rapidly growing provider of boutique dialysis services nationwide. Dr. Alausa has created these national brands focusing on optimal care for patients with chronic kidney disease in underserved communities. He has made a remarkable contribution to these communities by creating numerous job opportunities for diverse stakeholders. Additionally, he has established a team of highly skilled professionals across the country who share his vision and mission.Dr. Alausa served as a Chief Medical Resident at Cook County Hospital, Chicago, after completing his residency in Internal Medicine. In this role, he supervised the training of several interns and residents and acted as an Attending Physician. Later, he joined Rush University Medical School as an Assistant Professor. He then moved to the Medical College of Wisconsin for his specialist training in Nephrology and Hypertension.Dr. Alausa has been recognized with multiple awards for his charitable contributions and voluntary service to those in need, which is a testament to his philanthropic spirit. He has published numerous medical papers covering a diverse range of practices. His publications have transcended basic medical research and clinical medicine and appeared in the New England Journal of Medicine. In 2007 & 2012, Dr. Tunji Alausa was named one of America’s Best Physicians. Linkedin Mohammad S. Shafi, M.D. Executive Vice-Chairman & Chief Medical Officer Mohammad S. Shafi, M.D. is a board-certified Nephrologist. He is the co-founder of Dialysis Care Center and Kidney Care Center. Both companies provide services to ensure a better life for CKD or kidney failure patients. He is recognized as a leader, owing to his expertise in nephrology, compassion for his patients, and his commitment to innovation. His insight was instrumental in launching the nation’s first Staff Enhanced Home Hemodialysis program. Dr. Shafi completed his medical education at the King Edward Medical University in Lahore, Pakistan, in the year 1991. During his residency, he trained in internal medicine at Englewood Hospital, affiliated with the renowned Mount Sinai School of Medicine. He also served as the Chief Resident during his time there. In 1997, Dr. Shafi completed his fellowship training in nephrology at the University of Louisville School of Medicine. He also completed 1 Year fellowship in critical care at the University of Louisville, Kentucky. Dr. Shafi has over twenty-one years of experience in Nephrology. In addition to his nephrology practice, his particular interest lies in infection control in dialysis settings which is a significant cause of death in dialysis patients. He speaks passionately at several national and international conferences. He is firmly committed to contributing to society and is deeply committed to his charitable endeavors. Currently, he holds the position of the board’s chair at the IPAC Foundation, where he works towards promoting preventive healthcare in underprivileged regions across the globe. Linkedin Babajide Salako, M.D. Chief Executive Officer Babajide Salako, M.D. is an experienced leader with varied international experience in medicine and the business of medicine in various roles and responsibilities. He joined the Dialysis Care Center in 2014 as the Chief Executive Officer. He drives the company’s visionary plan and growth and oversees the daily dialysis business operations. Before joining DCC, he was Senior Director of Disaster Response and Business Continuity with Fresenius, where his responsibility included responding to and managing disasters as they impacted kidney patients globally. Dr. Salako’s business acumen and extraordinary vision have earned him numerous recognitions including Person of the Year from the Kidney Community Emergency Response Coalition.Dr. Salako is an Internal Medicine trained physician with an MBA from George Washington University. Linkedin Michael Mance, CPA Vice President of Financial Operations Michael Mance, CPA serves as Vice President of Financial Operations at Dialysis Care Center. He leads the Finance Team, ensures strategic growth, and drives the financial strength of the company’s future, overseeing the strategy, finance, banking, and audit relationships, capital financing, financial reporting, treasury, internal controls, accounting close, budgeting, forecasting, expense management, financial planning, tax planning, and compliance and acquisitions. Leading the DCC’s financial operations, accounting, and strategic acquisitions, Michael possesses over 30 years of experience in accounting, corporate compliance, financial reporting, and shared services with global publicly and privately held companies. Michael has completed his undergraduate studies in accounting at Illinois State University and is now a Certified Public Accountant. He believes in making a difference in his team’s careers and ensuring their success. Linkedin Monique Barnes Vice President of Education, Quality and Care Delivery Monique Barnes brings a combination of management and clinical expertise with 20 years of experience in Dialysis. She oversees all areas of clinical operations, including In-Center, Home, Quality/regulatory, and the education departments of DCC. Monique believes in impacting the lives of dialysis patients by offering high-quality care and that of healthcare personnel by ensuring a safe and nurturing environment.Monique holds an MBA degree coupled with HCM and BSN, which gives her the unique expertise to find creative ways to solve problems. She is also a member of the American Nephrology Nurses Association (ANNA). Linkedin Gary Joslin Vice President of In-Center Clinical Operations Gary Joslin serves as Vice President of In-Center Clinical Operations at Dialysis Care Center, bringing with him an impressive track record in leadership and clinical expertise. Gary is proud of his 25 years of distinguished service in various medical roles within the US Army, including his time as a Combat Medical Specialist.Gary completed his studies in Business Administration at Grantham University in Missouri and graduated with honors from the US Army Academy of Health Science. He has held leadership positions in multiple dialysis organizations throughout his career, consistently demonstrating his ability to build, stabilize, and guide teams toward success. Gary’s extensive healthcare background has strengthened his abilities in clinical operations and strategic leadership. At DCC, Gary is committed to driving growth and enhancing the quality of patient care. Linkedin Michele Crnich Associate Vice President of Human Resources and Marketing/ Communications Michele Crnich is currently the Associate Vice President of Human Resources and Marketing/ Communications. She has been with Dialysis Care Center for over four years, working to build the Human Resources department, H.R. services, and the Marketing department. Michele brought a wide breadth of Human Resources and Communications experience in the Healthcare field, specifically 20-plus years focused on Skilled Nursing and Rehab facilities.Michele’s passion for working with people is apparent as she works with the team, assisting them in their professional development, consults with Managers, addresses challenges, creates processes, continually evaluates employee benefits, and focuses on maintaining a healthy, happy, professional work culture for the entire DCC team. Michele is proud to be a part of the phenomenal DCC growth and looks forward to many challenges and improvements that DCC will experience.She earned a B.S. degree in Communications with an emphasis on Public Relations. As an SHRM member, she remains current with employment law and H.R. updates. Linkedin Paul Jackson Director of Business Development Paul Jackson has successfully built a 30-year career and spent years developing Elmhurst Hospital’s occupational health network. During this time, he received a nomination from President George Bush for innovative solutions in establishing a first responder Hepatitis B vaccination program. Paul parlayed his marketing expertise into the dialysis world in 2012 and since then has championed DCC partnerships across the country. Linkedin Lori Morrell Director of Revenue Cycle Management & Contracting Lori Morrell has over 25 years of administrative experience in the healthcare industry. She manages the ever-growing revenue cycle team of admissions, billing, accounts receivable, revenue cycle, and insurance specialists. She utilizes her passion in this role to create exceptional supervisors and managers within her revenue cycle team, who help contribute to the continued success of the revenue cycle management department. The most rewarding thing for Lori has been assisting patients in resolving complex issues and ensuring they get the best quality care in DCC. Linkedin Lanre Alausa Vice President of Value-Based and Integrated Care Lanre Alausa is currently the Vice President of Value-Based and Integrated Care for Kidney Care Center and Dialysis Care Center. He has more than 13 years of experience in the dialysis space. Lanre’s positive relationships with external partners are instrumental in the thriving business operations of both our organizations (KCC and DCC) and our partners. He is also responsible for implementing and managing the collaborative Value-Based Care programs between the Dialysis Care Center, Kidney Care Center, Government, and Private Health Plans such as The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation Models (CKCC, ETC) and all other Value-Based Programs.Lanre holds an MBA degree with an emphasis in Financial Management. He is also a Healthcare Financial Management Association (HFMA) member. Linkedin Salman Azam General Counsel Salman Azam serves as General Counsel for the Dialysis Care Center. He manages all legal personnel and legal matters for the company, including all transactional work, regulatory affairs, compliance, and labor and employment issues. Before joining DCC, he was the Managing Partner of a boutique healthcare firm in Chicago that serviced various regional providers. Mr. Azam was recognized by Crain’s as a Notable General Counsel for his work with DCC and has additionally received the “Rising Star” Super Lawyer distinction by Chicago magazine for over a decade. Salman has previously held the position of President at the South Asian Bar Association of Chicago and has been featured as a TEDx speaker. Linkedin Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​