Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA March is National Nutrition Month ® March 08, 2022 Mark your calendars, as March is National Nutrition Month!. National Nutrition Month is an annual national campaign fostered by the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that highlights the importance of making informed nutrition decisions and developing healthy food and physical activity habits. The month also is key in celebrating dietitians as the most valuable source of evidence-based food and nutrition information. In dialysis, dietitians are an essential part of the interdisciplinary team. They work closely with nephrologists (doctors specializing in kidney disease), nurses, social workers, and dialysis technicians to provide individualized care for each patient. Renal dietitians analyze protein and calorie intake, assess lab values, determine necessary vitamins and oral nutrition supplements, adjust bone medications, assess weight fluctuations, manage additional health conditions, and more! Each month, the dietitian sits down with each patient to create a nutrition plan, addressing any areas for improvement and highlighting the areas in which the patient is doing great. Dialysis patients need to have a great relationship with their dietitians, and having open lines of communication is crucial to receiving the best patient care. Be honest with your dietitian if you struggle to navigate the renal diet or feel overwhelmed with everything else in your life – they are here to help guide your nutrition decisions. Use March and National Nutrition Month as a time to reflect on the nutrition goals that you have set for the year. Have you been forgetting to take your binder? Have you been overeating fast food recently? Noticing that you aren’t monitoring fluid intake between treatments? Talk to your renal dietitian and devise a plan to crush your nutrition goals! Happy National Nutrition Month! Take time to thank your fantastic dietitian this month. Author Raag Shanker, RDN, LD Renal Registered Dietitian AuthorRaag Shanker, RDN, LDRenal Registered Dietitian Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​