Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Avoiding Holiday Eating Pitfalls November 10, 2022 After Halloween, we are always tempted to overindulge. Holidays such as Thanksgiving, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, Christmas, and New Year’s Day traditionally revolve around food. Diet is very crucial for patients with kidney disease. Here are some suggestions to help you avoid diet pitfalls that the holidays bring. Always ask your renal dietitian about healthy meal choices for your individual eating plan when in doubt. Limit salty foods, which make you thirsty. If you overeat salt, you may drink too much fluid and possibly make your subsequent dialysis treatment difficult. Avoid brined turkey and ham due to the high sodium. Remember to take your phosphate binders! These should always be taken with food. Make your food from scratch using low-sodium condiments and fresh herbs & spices. Portion control! If eating turkey, beef, pork, or fish, make sure it’s the biggest portion on your plate. 3 oz protein food is equal to the size of your palm or a standard deck of cards. Leach potatoes to lower the potassium content. To leach: Peel the potatoes and cut them into small pieces. Soak in ample water (for 1 cup of potatoes, remember to use 10 cups of water) for at least four hours. Drain the water and Cook in a large pot of water until tender. Drain the potatoes and prepare. Remember that foods like Jell-O, ice cream, gravy, and soup count towards your daily fluid restriction. Prepare all foods to the appropriate internal cooking temperature to prevent foodborne illness. Add apple cider or cranberry spritzers instead of hot chocolate, eggnog, and alcoholic beverages. Attend and complete all your dialysis treatments. Author Maggie Chung, MS RD LDN AuthorRaag Shanker, RDN, LDRenal Registered Dietitian Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​