Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Inadequate Dialysis is Dangerous for Your Health May 03, 2022 Dialysis is a life-saving treatment when your kidneys can no longer remove toxins and extra fluids from your body. Because dialysis is a big-time commitment, it may be tempting to skip treatments or cut treatments short occasionally. Maybe it’s a cold and rainy day, or you’re feeling under the weather, or you are leaving town for a last-minute vacation. You may think, what’s the big deal if I miss one, two, or even three treatments? Skipping dialysis treatments or cutting your treatments short can be very dangerous for your health. The amount of time and how often you need dialysis is determined by your nephrologist to meet your individual needs. Getting adequate dialysis ensures that toxins and excess fluids are being removed from your body so that you can stay healthy. When you skip treatments or terminate treatments early, additional fluid will need to be removed at your next dialysis treatment, which can cause uncomfortable symptoms such as cramping, headaches, low blood pressure, or nausea as we try to get you back to your dry weight. You may also feel shortness of breath, which can lead to hospitalization due to fluid overload. Aside from fluid removal, the kidneys are also responsible for managing your blood pressure and keeping a safe balance of key minerals, such as potassium and phosphorus. High potassium can lead to heart problems, including irregular heartbeat, heart attack, and death. High phosphorus can weaken your bones and increase your risk for heart disease. It’s not worth the risk! It’s essential to go to your scheduled dialysis appointments and complete the entire treatment as your nephrologist prescribes. 10 Good Reasons Not to Skip Dialysis Less swelling Stronger bones Cleaner blood More energy Transplant eligibility Better appetite Better sleep Quality of life Less itching Fewer hospital visits Author Raag Shanker, RDN, LD Renal Registered Dietitian AuthorRaag Shanker, RDN, LDRenal Registered Dietitian Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​