Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Healthy Holiday Choices December 01, 2021 As we enter the holiday season, we celebrate with our close family and friends. Whatever holidays you celebrate, this is a time that many enjoy their favorite foods. But we still need to be mindful of our food choices. Here are some helpful reminders to enjoy your favorite cultural foods during this time of year! Be mindful of food and drink choices It can be very easy to let loose when celebrating the holidays. Since you are on dialysis, it is essential to remember your renal diet fundamentals. Talk to your doctor about alcohol. It should be consumed modestly based on your overall fluid intake and medications. If they advise against it, choose sugar-free lemon-lime soda, ginger ale, sparkling cider, or low-potassium juices like apple, grape, or cranberry juice. It is imperative to bring your phosphorus binder to all of your holiday get-togethers if you are having holiday dinner with others. Use small plates to help control your food portions, and avoid snacking throughout the day. Ensure you include plenty of lean proteins throughout the day to avoid overeating during the holiday celebrations. Choose healthier alternatives Avoid nuts, chocolate, or hot cocoa, as these foods are high in phosphorus. Pumpkin and sweet potato pie are high in potassium. Instead, try a slice of fruit pie like apple or blueberry. Jell-O, fruit sherbet, or a small slice of fruit cake are also great dessert options! If you plan to serve a potato dish, try double-boiled mashed potatoes, as this cooking method will remove a lot of potassium. Try sticking to ½ cup portions for dishes that are higher in potassium or phosphorus. Watch out for salt! Going over your sodium restriction this time of year can be very easy. Avoid or limit gravies, chips, and prepackaged crackers. When seasoning meats, avoid basting and use spices like chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, black pepper, paprika, and olive oil to help flavor your food without adding salt. Lemon and herbs like rosemary, tarragon, and oregano are complimentary seasonings. Avoid stress and make time for yourself Holidays can become very hectic with all the social gatherings happening simultaneously. Taking time for your mental health, planning your days, and eating accordingly is very important. Remember, your health and happiness are priorities, but enjoy your time with those close to you. If you need any help, please get in touch with your center’s dietitian or social worker. We at DCC wish you a very happy holiday season! Author Raag Shanker, RDN, LD Renal Registered Dietitian AuthorRaag Shanker, RDN, LDRenal Registered Dietitian Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​