Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Renal Diet Myth Busters June 28, 2024 There are many myths and misconceptions regarding kidney health and nutrition. Navigating through all the different information can be confusing and overwhelming, but we are here to help! We are sharing some widespread myths and facts related to renal diet, which will assist you in formulating an effective, balanced diet strategy. Myth: There is only one renal diet that everyone on dialysis needs to follow. Fact: Everyone is unique, and that includes their dietary needs, which depend on some of the following: Stage of kidney disease. Lab results. Medications. Comorbidities like diabetes or high blood pressure. Lifestyle activities like exercising. Working with your healthcare team and renal dietitian is the best way to create the right diet plan for you. Myth: Whole grains, nuts, seeds, and beans have too much phosphorus. Fact: Whole grains, nuts, seeds, and beans contain phosphorus, but your body only absorbs 50% of phosphorus from non-processed, plant-based foods! You absorb 80-100% of phosphorus from protein-rich foods like meat, fish, and dairy or processed foods with phosphorus additives. Avoid phosphorus additives like Sodium hexametaphosphate, Dicalcium phosphate, Trisodium phosphate, Sodium tripolyphosphate, and Phosphoric acid. Myth: People with kidney disease need a low-potassium diet. Fact: Individuals with kidney disease are often thought to need a low-potassium diet. However, it’s crucial to understand that they can face risks from both excessive and insufficient potassium levels, which can affect their heart rhythm. High potassium/hyperkalemia: Your blood potassium levels are too high. This means that you’ll need to eat lesser quantities of low-potassium foods. Your doctor may then prescribe or adjust medications to help your body release extra potassium. Low potassium/hypokalemia: Blood potassium levels are too low. If you have low potassium, you may need to eat more potassium or high-potassium foods. Your doctor may prescribe new or adjust old medications to maintain potassium levels better. Remember that sudden or severe hyperkalemia and hypokalemia are life-threatening conditions that need immediate medical care. Myth: I need to limit fruits and vegetables because of potassium. Fact: Even those who need to limit potassium need plenty of fruits and vegetables. Remember that less potassium is absorbed from plant-based foods than from meat-based or overly processed foods. Fiber may also improve bowel regularity to increase overall potassium excretion and improve acidosis, which is a condition where body fluids have too much acid. Acidosis can cause kidney disease to progress more quickly, increased bone loss or osteoporosis, and muscle loss Myth: Salt substitutes are safer than salt. Fact: Too much sodium can cause high blood pressure, discomfort during dialysis, and fluid buildup around the heart and lungs. Salt substitutes contain potassium chloride. This could be dangerous, especially if you need to limit how much potassium you eat. If you choose low-sodium or any salt-free seasoning blends, always look at the label and choose ones without potassium chloride. Always check with your dietitian to see if it is okay to use. Myth: I don’t put salt in my food, so I don’t need to worry about sodium. Fact: Sodium is found in many foods other than your saltshaker. High-sodium foods include breads, pizza, sandwiches, soups, tacos, condiments, snack foods, and deli meats (bacon, hot dogs, sausages, etc.). Make simple changes while grocery shopping, like trying unsalted or reduced-sodium foods and choosing fresh foods. Myth: Eating more salt will help with cramping during and after dialysis treatments. Fact: Common causes of dialysis muscle cramps include rapid or excessive fluid removal, low blood pressure during dialysis, and electrolyte imbalances. Cramping can be caused by high weight gain in between dialysis treatments, overly aggressive fluid removal, missing or not completing dialysis treatments, and eating too much salt. Tips for managing cramping include: Longer or more frequent treatments. Managing fluid gains between treatments by limiting sodium to 2000 mg or less daily. Following your fluid restriction of 32-48 oz/day. Completing all treatments as prescribed. AuthorRaag Shanker, RDN, LDRenal Registered Dietitian Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​