Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA About DCC Cares DCC Cares is the flagship program launched by Dialysis Care Center. It serves as a trilogy of care: care for our patients, care for our employees, and care for the communities we serve. It involves employee and patient recognition, team-building opportunities, celebrations, and regional events. Employee Recognition Patient Recognition Team-building Celebrations Regional Events Programs DCC Ambassadors DCC Ambassadors is our Employee Recognition Award. A company-wide selection process helps nominate DCC Ambassadors. We recognize the outstanding contributions of each member of our DCC Family. Learn More DCC Champions DCC Champions is our Patient Recognition Award. Through the program, Dialysis Care Center addresses the issue of missed dialysis treatments. We recognize and celebrate our patients for prioritizing their dialysis treatments each month. Learn More DCC Culture of Excellence The DCC Culture of Excellence is a unique care initiative designed to exceed our patient’s expectations by delivering high-quality, patient-centered care. The program focuses on service excellence, patient-centered care, enhanced customer service training, exceptional customer service, prioritizing team approach, and improvement of the quality of life for patients. Learn More Let's Hear From Our Team One of the best things about working at DCC is working with people who are not just co-workers but are more like family. We all have the same goal - to take the best care of our patients as best of our patients as best we can, no matter what role we play. Angela P. The most rewarding thing about working at DCC is knowing we are all a big family. It's incredible to see that I've positively impacted the lives of our patients, their loved ones, and the DCC community. Amanda M. Join DCC Family If you are interested in becoming part of the DCC Family, visit our careers page to explore the opportunities. Careers Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​