Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Expanded dialysis can improve quality of life in CKD patients September 11, 2021 A hospital research team from the Lawson Health Research Institute has found that expanded dialysis can help improve quality of life in chronic kidney disease patients, especially those struggling with traditional dialysis’s side effects. Expanded dialysis is a new treatment method that can remove a broader range of toxins from the body than conventional dialysis. This study was conducted for three months with 28 patients. The new dialyzer used in the study has precisely made pores that allow larger-sized toxic chemicals to be filtered from the blood as well while retaining essential molecules such as albumin. The substances that can now be filtered out can cause inflammation, malnutrition, and chronic symptoms like fatigue if left in the body. Traditional dialysis treatments haven’t been as successful at removing these specific chemicals, and patients often report significant side effects. One of the study participants with chronic kidney disease had been on dialysis for about five years. He complained of reduced appetite, weakness, and reduced sleep quality previously. He reported feeling better, improved appetite, and improved sleep quality with expanded dialysis. With the first phase of this study completed and published in Kidney Medicine, the scientist will move on to the next stage. The next phase will be conducted with 60 dialysis patients for six months of treatments using the new dialyzer. The second phase will be a multicentered clinical study, simultaneously led by Lawson, University of Toronto, and Humber College. Source: Lawson Health Research Institute Facebook Envelope Youtube AuthorDr. Umair Haider Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​