Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Food and Drug Administration gives thumbs down to Tenapanor for control of Phosphorus in kidney patients on dialysis September 09, 2021 FDA denies approval of Tenapanor for controlling phosphorus levels in dialysis patients. The US Food and Drug Administration has asked for an additional clinical trial to demonstrate the benefits of Tenapanor before it approves the drug. Tenapanor has shown good prospects in trials to control serum phosphorus in adult individuals with chronic kidney disease (CKD) on dialysis. Tenapanor is an oral drug that inhibits the sodium-proton exchanger NHE3. The drug was submitted for approval to treat hyperphosphatemia in patients with CKD on dialysis. The data is supported by three phase-3 clinical trials involving more than 1000 patients. The FDA stated that approval of the drug application would require the drug manufacturer to carry out another “adequate and well-controlled trial” that shows this treatment can have a meaningful impact on the level of phosphorus in the blood or improve a health issue caused by hyperphosphatemia in dialysis patients with chronic kidney disease. CKD Patients receiving dialysis treatments are highly likely to be hyperphosphatemic. Current Therapies for Hyperphosphatemia are only moderately effective and challenging to implement. Current strategies for managing hyperphosphatemia can include more frequent hemodialysis therapies, dietary phosphate restriction, and phosphate binder therapy. Untreated hyperphosphatemia in patients can lead to dystrophic calcification, accelerated arteriosclerotic vascular disease, and fractures. In the previous study, 236 dialysis patients with hyperphosphatemia, despite treatment with a phosphate binder therapy, were given 4 weeks of treatment. The treatment included either the twice-daily oral Tenapanor or a placebo dose. The results showed that the drug treatment group significantly changed serum phosphorus concentration over placebo. Tenapanor previously received FDA approval in 2019 to treat irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) with constipation in adults. Facebook Envelope Youtube AuthorDr. Umair Haider Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​