Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Honoring Dr. Tunji Alausa’s Call to Service January 11, 2024 Kidney Care Center and Dialysis Care Center proudly announce a momentous occasion in the career journey of our Executive Chairman and Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Tunji Alausa. His commitment to service has led to his recent appointment as the Minister of State, Health, and Social Welfare for the Federal Republic of Nigeria, a role he will hold for the next four years. A Journey of Dedication: Dr. Alausa’s professional journey has been marked by a profound call to service. His commitment extends beyond medical excellence; he has significantly contributed to the communities by providing outstanding patient care in the communities we serve. Dr. Alausa’s philanthropic spirit and commitment to service reflect his holistic impact on healthcare and society. These tireless efforts continue as he becomes Nigeria’s honorable Minister of State. Visionary Leadership: Dr. Alausa’s visionary leadership has been a source of inspiration for our entire team at KCC & DCC. From starting as a single-physician practice, he went on to become a Chief Medical Officer & Executive Chairman at KCC and DCC, leading the nationwide expansion of both companies. Dr. Alausa’s new role is a testament to the trust in his outstanding capacity to lead nationally. A Bright Future for Nigerian Healthcare: As Dr. Alausa assumes this crucial role, we are optimistic about his leadership’s positive impact on Nigeria’s healthcare and social welfare landscape. His expertise, vision, and dedication will undoubtedly contribute to building a healthier and more prosperous nation. Celebrating Together: Dr. Alausa graciously visited KCC and DCC corporate offices after his appointment as Minister. The staff warmly welcomed him, marking the occasion with a little celebration to commemorate this significant milestone. At the End of Year Celebration 2023 event, he was given a gift as a token of appreciation. The entire KCC and DCC family stand in pride and support as Dr. Alausa embarks on this new chapter of service to humanity. His transition from Executive Chairman to Minister of State, Health, and Social Welfare highlights his determination and dedication to serving others. We eagerly anticipate the positive changes that will enhance and improve the well-being of millions of people in Nigeria under his leadership. Share: Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​