Dialysis Care Center About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Admissions Find A Center Find A Center Search Search Close this search box. Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Menu Pay My Bill About DCC Mission and Values The DCC Story Leadership DCC Cares Explore Events Treatments Starting on Dialysis In-Center Hemodialysis Staff-Assisted Dialysis Peritoneal Dialysis Home Hemodialysis Living with Dialysis Diet and Nutrition Blog Feature Stories Careers Explore jobs in USA Looking back on the year 2022 January 2023 Dear DCC Family, 2022 was an exceptional year of continued growth and achievements for the Dialysis Care Center. In 2022, we opened four new clinics: DCC Vollmer, DCC Brooksville, DCC Camp Hill Home, and DCC Taylor. With each new DCC clinic opened, we provide our patients the opportunity to receive the best care available and the DCC family the chance to continuously contribute to the communities we serve. In 2022, DCC committed to continuing to connect with the people in the communities we serve. DCC has hosted and participated in many community events to bring awareness to renal diseases. In June, we proudly sponsored the Walk for Kidneys, Hosted by the National Kidney Foundation of Illinois. Our Team Care came out in numbers to support our patients and help raise awareness and money. Dialysis Care Center and Kidney Care Center hosted a fundraiser for NKFI at our Annual End of the Year Celebration, raising money to help those with renal diseases. During Halloween, DCC participated in a local Trunk or Treat event to raise kidney health awareness and hand out candy to the local children. In November, the DCC Family collected items to be donated to local food banks for the holidays. All the work, growth, and achievements are only possible with our dedicated team members. As a thank you to our team, we have hosted many employee recognition events throughout the year. Every quarter, we are proud to announce and recognize the winners of the DCC Ambassador Awards. These Ambassadors are the best among us, and they provide excellent service and Lead with Care every day. In July, DCC kicked off Employee Appreciation Week, which featured 5 consecutive days of appreciation for the entire DCC Family. Events included Brunch, Pizza Lunch, Appreciation Day, Ice Cream Day, and a Raffle to end the week. Although appreciation week is one week long, we appreciate the dedication of our staff every day. “When I joined Dialysis Care Center in 2014, my goal was to grow this company to a place where we would positively impact our patients’ lives. Our hardworking and dedicated team makes DCC an incredible place for patients and employees. Our team is our biggest strength, and I thank the team for everything they do and for Leading with Care.” As DCC solidifies our strategic plan for 2023, our strong team of professionals will continue to contribute positively to the lives of our patients and the communities we serve. Dr. Babajide Salako, MDChief Executive Officer Dialysis Care Center AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY DC Explore LocationsServicesDCC CaresEventsNews Useful Links CareersMy DCCPartnersContact UsBlogsPay My Bill DCC Customer Care Center 708-713-5080 Useful Links Locations | Services | DCC Care | Careers | Contact Us Admissions 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ Admissions: 844-466-3436 309-808-4352 admissions@dccdialysis.com​ This site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.© 2025. DIALYSIS CARE CENTER. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED #LeadingwithCare Chair-time schedule guaranteed within 2 hours Talk to our admissions specialist Call 844-466-3436 or email us at admissions@dccdialysis.com​