Home Hemodialysis Home hemodialysis (HHD) refers to the process of conducting hemodialysis at home. The patient’s vascular access in HHD allows blood to flow through a dialysis machine. This effectively cleans the blood by removing excess waste and fluids. The cleaned blood is then simultaneously returned to the patient’s body. Traditional home hemodialysis closely resembles in-center hemodialysis. Deciding that HHD is right for you?Training on HHDTransitioning from in-center dialysis to HHD Deciding that HHD is right for you? Training on HHD Transitioning from in-center dialysis to HHD Menu Deciding that HHD is right for you? Training on HHD Transitioning from in-center dialysis to HHD Deciding that HHD is right for you? When you have an end-stage renal disease (ESRD), you and your nephrologist (kidney doctor) will together decide which treatment options are the best fit for your lifestyle. Ask your doctor about HHD. Patients are more inclined towards this type of dialysis treatment because: You can dialyze in your own home comfortably. Short daily home hemodialysis (HHD) allows for shorter treatment times, providing increased flexibility in scheduling. Treatment can easily be administered with the help of your care partner. Dialyzing at home enables you to maintain an active lifestyle, whether it’s at work, school, or during travel. With HHD, you may have more dietary freedom than in-center hemodialysis. You’ll save a lot of time by not traveling to a dialysis center three days a week. Care.Convenience.Freedom. DCC is proud to offer the best quality home dialysis services to its patients.Call 844-466-3436 Training on HHD After you and your doctor have concluded that home hemodialysis (HHD) suits your needs and you have found a nearby Dialysis program, an HHD nurse will guide you through a customized training program that addresses your specific medical and learning requirements. This comprehensive program will equip you with the necessary knowledge, resources, and assistance to maintain your health and safety while enjoying the numerous advantages of the HHD. Your nurse will personalize the training program to suit your needs. Patients will get to learn about these insightful topics: Using your equipment Creating a hygienic environment Manage supplies Handling needles Keeping an organized log of your treatments Most of the training sessions are held at our Dialysis centers. People who choose the HHD will have a dialysis care partner to assist them every step of the way. Care partners Most home hemodialysis (HHD) patients require a care partner (trained caregiver) to assist them during dialysis. The responsibilities of a care partner may include setting up the dialysis machine, monitoring the treatment, and cleaning the machine after dialysis sessions. The role of a care partner varies depending on the patient’s specific needs. Care partners undergo the same training as patients to ensure they can provide appropriate assistance. Self-cannulation Self-cannulation refers to the patient taking the initiative to insert their own dialysis needles. In the case of home hemodialysis (HHD), patients undergo training to learn how to perform self-cannulation, or they can have their care partners assist them with the needle insertion process. Although the idea of self-cannulation may initially appear intimidating, introducing techniques like the buttonhole technique has dramatically simplified and enhanced the comfort of self-cannulation. Some patients use the buttonhole for dialysis, which involves inserting needles into the same spot repeatedly, resulting in scar tissue formation and the creation of a hole similar to a pierced ear. With this method, patients can use blunt needles instead of sharp needles, which are more comfortable and safer. Training on HHD After you and your doctor have concluded that home hemodialysis (HHD) suits your needs and you have found a nearby Dialysis program, an HHD nurse will guide you through a customized training program that addresses your specific medical and learning requirements. This comprehensive program will equip you with the necessary knowledge, resources, and assistance to maintain your health and safety while enjoying the numerous advantages of the HHD. Your nurse will personalize the training program to suit your needs. Patients will get to learn about these insightful topics: Using your equipment Creating a hygienic environment Manage supplies Handling needles Keeping an organized log of your treatments Most of the training sessions are held at our Dialysis centers. People who choose the HHD will have a dialysis care partner to assist them every step of the way. Care partners Most home hemodialysis (HHD) patients require a care partner (trained caregiver) to assist them during the dialysis process.Responsibilities of a care partner may include setting up the dialysis machine, monitoring the treatment, and cleaning the machine after dialysis sessions.The role of a care partner varies depending on the specific needs of the patient.Care partners undergo the same training as patients to ensure they are equipped to provide appropriate assistance. Self-cannulation Self-cannulation refers to the patient taking the initiative to insert their own dialysis needles. In the case of home hemodialysis (HHD), patients undergo training to learn how to perform self-cannulation, or they can have their care partners assist them with the needle insertion process. Although the idea of self-cannulation may initially appear intimidating, the introduction of techniques like the buttonhole technique has greatly simplified and enhanced the comfort of self-cannulation.Some patients use the buttonhole for dialysis which involves inserting needles into the same spot repeatedly, resulting in scar tissue formation and the creation of a hole similar to a pierced ear.With this method, patients can use blunt needles instead of sharp needles, which are more comfortable and safer for the patient. Transitioning from in-center dialysis to HHD Many people who start with in-center hemodialysis eventually switch to home dialysis therapy. With home dialysis, you gain more freedom and flexibility while having a dedicated and highly trained clinical team just a phone call away. They aim to deliver excellent care and make your experience as comfortable as possible. Transitioning from in-center dialysis to HHD Many people who start with in-center hemodialysis eventually switch to home dialysis therapy. With home dialysis, you gain more freedom and flexibility while having a dedicated and highly trained clinical team just a phone call away. They aim to deliver excellent care and make your experience as comfortable as possible. Home Hemodialysis