Staff-Assisted Hemodialysis The Dialysis Care Center Staff-Assisted Dialysis program is designed to prioritize patients’ needs by offering them the opportunity to receive dialysis treatment in the comfort of their homes, given they meet specific eligibility requirements. The main difference between Staff Assisted Home Hemodialysis (SAHHD) and Home Hemodialysis (HHD) is that SAHHD doesn’t require patients to have someone like a Care Partner, Friend, or Family Member present during their treatments. What is Staff-Assisted Home Dialysis​?Who Performs Your Treatment?Who Supports You?What Your Dialysis Schedule Looks Like? What is Staff-Assisted Home Dialysis? Who Performs Your Treatment? Who Supports You? What Your Dialysis Schedule Looks Like? Menu What is Staff-Assisted Home Dialysis? Who Performs Your Treatment? Who Supports You? What Your Dialysis Schedule Looks Like? What is Staff-Assisted Dialysis? When deciding between staff-assisted home dialysis and home dialysis treatment, it is crucial to consider the variations and distinctions between the two options. Before deciding on the optimal dialysis option for you, it is essential to consider the lifestyle you desire carefully. Care.Convenience.Freedom. DCC is proud to offer the best quality home dialysis services to its patients.Call 844-466-3436 Who Performs Your Treatment? The main difference between staff-assisted dialysis and home dialysis is who performs the treatment. With staff-assisted home dialysis, someone else helps you with the treatment. However, with home dialysis, you will need to learn to do the treatment yourself eventually. Initially, you will receive training from a medical professional on administering the treatment. The training will also include advice about keeping records of your treatment. After completing the necessary training, you will be responsible for conducting the dialysis treatment on your own in the case of home dialysis. On the other hand, with staff-assisted home dialysis, you won’t need to perform the treatment by yourself.Instead, a licensed nurse will do it for you every visit. The trained DCC Professional will complete all treatments.There are a lot of benefits to Staff Assisted Home Hemodialysis (SAHHD):Treatment is done in your homeNo care partner is neededSchedule is flexible1 on 1 treatment with a trained professionalFewer diet restrictionNo travel is required Who Supports You? During home dialysis, it will be your responsibility to manage your treatments, but you will also need to choose a care partner who can provide support throughout the process. A care partner is typically someone like a spouse, family member, or close friend.When you choose home dialysis, you will need to have a care partner, usually a spouse, family member, or close friend, to support you during the treatment. While having someone by your side can be comforting, it also means depending on someone else for your care, which might make you feel guilty. However, you don’t need a care partner with staff-assisted home dialysis. A licensed nurse will administer your treatment and provide the necessary support, ensuring you are always under the supervision of a doctor. You can always have your family continue to support you, but you won’t need to take up as much of their time. What Your Dialysis Schedule Looks Like? One significant difference between home dialysis treatment and staff-assisted home dialysis is the flexibility of the treatment schedule. With home dialysis, you may need to perform the dialysis even when you’re not feeling well, which can increase the risk of mistakes or unwanted side effects.In contrast, you won’t be personally responsible for the treatment with staff-assisted home dialysis.This means you can undergo dialysis even if you’re tired, as your nurse will handle the process, relieving you of any concerns or worries. Staff-Assisted Dialysis